Prepare release 0.60.0 (#2804)
zenml-io/zenml: RELEASE_NOTES.md

you are using this integration in your workflows, we recommend staying on the
previous version of ZenML until we can solve this issue.

### Tensorflow

The new version of `pydantic` creates a drift between `tensorflow`
and  `typing_extensions`  packages and relaxing the dependencies here resolves
the issue. At the same time, the upgrade to `kfp` v2 (in integrations
like `kubeflow`, `tekton`, or `gcp`) bumps our `protobuf` dependency from `3.X`
to `4.X`. To stay compatible with this requirement, the installed version
of `tensorflow` needs to be `>=2.12.0`. While this change solves the dependency
issues in most settings, we have bumped into some errors while
using `tensorflow` 2.12.0 on Python 3.8 on Ubuntu. If you would like to use this
integration, please consider using a higher Python version.

### Tekton

Similar to the `gcp` and `kubeflow` integrations, the old version of
our `tekton` integration was not compatible with `pydantic` V1 due to its `kfp`
dependency. With the switch from `kfp` V1 to v2, we have adapted our
implementation to use the new version of `kfp` library and updated our
documentation accordingly.

## Additional Changes

> * Adding `zenml.integrations.huggingface.steps.run_with_accelerate` to be able 
> to run any step using Accelerate. This function is supported by a utility, 
> which wraps any step function into a CLI script (which is needed by most of 
> the Distributed train tools).
> * Fixing a memory leak was observed while using the ZenML dashboard to 
> view the logs of a pipeline or the visualization of an artifact that logged 
> through an S3 Artifact Store linked to an AWS Service Connector.
> * Previously, we had an option called `build_options` that allowed users to 
> pass arguments to the docker build command. These options however were only 
> applied when building the parent image. On MacOS with ARM architecture, one 
> needs to specify `platform=linux/amd64` to the build command in order to 
> leverage the local caching of Docker image layers. We added a way to specify 
> these build options also for the "main" ZenML build and not just the parent 
> image build. Additionally, users can now specify a `dockerignore` file 
> for the parent image build, which was previously not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `zenml.integrations.huggingface.steps.run_with_accelerate` to enable running any step using [`accelerate`](https://huggingface.co/docs/accelerate/en/index). This function is supported by a utility that wraps any step function into a CLI script (which is required by most distributed training tools).
* Fixed a memory leak that was observed while using the ZenML dashboard to view pipeline logs or artifact visualizations logged through an S3 Artifact Store linked to an AWS Service Connector.
* Previously, we had an option called `build_options` that allowed users to pass arguments to the docker build command. However, these options were only applied when building the parent image. On macOS with ARM architecture, one needs to specify `platform=linux/amd64` to the build command to leverage local caching of Docker image layers. We have added a way to specify these build options for the "main" ZenML build as well, not just the parent image build. Additionally, users can now specify a `.dockerignore` file for the parent image build, which was previously not possible.
```

## What's Changed

* Extend migration testing by @avishniakov in https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/pull/2768
* Add retry docs by @htahir1 in https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/pull/2770
* Fix nightly Docker build by @strickvl in https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/pull/2769
* Start CTA and Cloud -> Pro renaming by @AlexejPenner in https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/pull/2773
* Add star CTA to `README` by @AlexejPenner in https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/pull/2777
* Use build python version if available by @schustmi in https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/pull/2775
* Introduced Legacy env var in docs by @AlexejPenner in https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/pull/2783
* Fixing the nlp template for the upcoming pydantic upgrade by @bcdurak in https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/pull/2778
* Full renaming away from cloud to pro by @AlexejPenner in https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/pull/2782
* Adjust docs url for flavors by @AlexejPenner in https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/pull/2772

> * Fixed brokend unit test on develop and fixed duplicate / by @AlexejPenner in https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/pull/2785

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed broken unit test on develop and fixed duplicate / by @AlexejPenner in https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/pull/2785
```
